Jim Holley Supercross live Supercross
online.com the man who finished up
fourth I thought but he ended up getting
fifth Jason Lawrence not a bad way to
start the season considering yeah I
wasn't bad I mean I had a pretty solid
heat race and I feel good on the bike
that's the main thing you know I have
even more confidence than I had coming
in because I mean that wasn't really my
speed that was just I didn't want to do
anything dumb you know right over my
head trying to get back up there and I
mean I ended up fourth fifth with the
cut the track thing which is definitely
understandable I think I mean I feel
like that was the only thing I could do
and then I think that hey it was cool
I'm the punishment you know that they
understood that it wasn't I'm not trying
to keen position by cutting the track as
a mistake and safest thing to do is go
left so they docked me the time that
that I made up and it you know I was
cool nearly a few points down you know
like I said it could have been a lot
worse for you yeah it could have been
way worse I mean I had that one crash
and started last and then I had to pass
so many guys that I'm not used to racing
against you know it's like everyone
wasn't going the speed I wanted to go
and I had to be so cautious for ten laps
then it was I had five laps to kind of
throw my speed on and I did good just
fortunately got doctor spot you know I
was talking to I heard you when you came
off the track you were talking to Ryan
Houston you said you didn't feel like
you were flowing but I mean yeah yeah
well like I said I had the ten laps
where there were so many guys in front
of me I couldn't do like what I wanted
and then it's so hard to pick your pace
back up you know like I was riding that
80% or so and then it was so hard for me
to pick it back up that I was just
making mistakes and I couldn't get in
the flow and as a rider I mean that's
the most frustrating things you go out
there and you have no problems you just
can't get yourself in that mindset to
ride right and I mean I was upset with
that but like I said I mean I'm happy
with the overall result and you had that
visor flapping around the whole race
yeah that wasn't bad you know that
showed off the grenades stick her ear
under there and something a little
different I don't see many last person I
saw dude that was Carmichael actually so
that's cool something different in
Phoenix your nemesis actually changed
clothing matter of fact it was with one
industry now he jumps over to Fox and I
hear that's because they hired you yeah
that that is why it is I would think I
mean the guys that won haven't really
talked to me much about it but I mean it
kid just has a piss-poor attitude about
I mean kids that look up to him if
you're gonna have the attitude like that
coming through your whole career I mean
it's not good because you're not gonna
make it far I mean he just needs to suck
it up I mean I don't see what it matters
about the gear I mean it's just a
company he just needs to do his best job
to promote it and he definitely didn't
do that so he got let go well who you
promoting I mean I know you got a lot of
different sponsors you're running your
own team I mean your plate is full
you're not only a rider you're the owner
I mean and I heard that you had to shell
out some money to buy parts and
everything yeah we're definitely still
working with our sponsor money right now
we got a good amount of money from our
sponsors that are helping us out Boost
Mobile Monster Energy and am/pm are all
throwing good money so I mean there's
the reason we're here right now but we
run out of money I mean I'll pick it up
for sure
and you're debuting a new truck next
week in an on - yeah that's our big
thing with the team is I got a new semi
the one that motor world you see is and
the thing's nice I mean we had it before
Anaheim but we want the full perfect
presentation and we didn't have the
paint job that we wanted but the thing I
look just like my bike and it's gonna be
great I mean it'll be the best one in
the pits we heard it from Jason Lawrence
he's gonna have the best truck in the
pits next week and hopefully he can have
that best spot on the top of the podium
one last question
how's that check up on that finish line
jump right there man that looks pretty
good uh it looks like a ten it looks
like a ten I don't know actually you
know if you saw her last last night my
team this is how cool my team is my
autograph signing was that Hooters last
night right down the street
so we had scales all over the place it
was great so I mean I'm not even too
impressed right now there's so many
lately it's just crazy it's something
different that I noticed in interviews
from last year to this year you seem a
little bit more relaxed a little bit
more loose having fun with it yeah I
mean it's not not my first year or
second year anymore I feel it's a lot
more comfortable with the whole program
I know like what's going on and I'm used
to it and I mean I think I'm coming into
like a season lights around here I think
I am now so I'm just trying to you know
I mature a little bit so I can go to the
450 class and you know just be like the
guys like Bubba and Reid and guys like
how they carry themselves and I mean not
just how they ride I mean a big part of
why they're successful is how they are
to their fans and how
promote their sponsors you want to help
her come down off there she needs a
little help once you go up there let's
help her come on Jason let's go up there
and help me and you just go up we don't
want you to fall down low look at that
look it's like you grabbed a handful
throttle coming out there okay so what
are you doing out here
Chase Field yeah I work for a probably
tired OC we're dunlop we're done luck oh
there's Pirelli though here at Dunlop he
didn't like it so who's your favorite
rider on a Yamaha and the Lites class go
on with the number one
oh man you heard it from her